Hello, everyone.
Welcome to some of us upstairs, ADP.
This is the shortest dynamic programming implementation that you will ever see.
So let's begin over this.
And before moving on, I'll just a few more lines, so I'll just say it in an asterisk.
DB Whenever I say so, is it simple?
It is.
Someone was upset.
The second thing is that recently I, I was there, I was participating in a kickstart contest and I
saw that.
There was the problem of SDP.
So what I realize is that the that the students who know what what is SDP and have practiced it, they
see this all the problem.
They realised that it is also SDP in this all the problem within 10 minutes.
And it was you know the hardest problem of the accept and those who did not know about SDP and they
took a very long time, maybe went over the Internet or tried to understand it and then came back and
solved it.
But it was very harsh, very hard for them to solve the SSD because it's it's one of those topics like
those who know they know.
Right.
It's that kind of a topic.
So what does it say?
So let's say that the value assigned to each and every subset.
So let's say we have various options here.
I have an example.
I have subsets that are done over here and their values.
They.
Before us, it is found the sum of values of all the substance, each alliance.
It's very simple.
For example, let's say I want to find the.
Some of this said that is, let's say one comma.
Did he?
So if I want to find the sum of one commodity, what I have is I have to find out the sum of all the
values of those sets.
Which line?
One in three, right.
So basically what?
All six.
Line one in three.
So which is this value?
Let's write these.
Let's.
So the first is Phi Phi lies in every set.
Right?
And the second one can be one alone.
If I talk about one, then the next one can be three alone.
And the next one can be one comma three.
So we can see that we have only four different unique subsets which are possible for almost one common
trait.
So here are s is one commentary and it values as per the formula is five one, three, one and three.
And I want to find it sums I.
Let's calculate this sum.
So for five we have two.
For one we have three.
For three we have one.
And for one, two.
He said, we have to support this on the summit, two plus, two plus for it.
Right.
So as of one, comma, three already some office is nothing but it.
In our case.
I hope we are getting the whole point here.
Right.
So what we have to do is for all the subsets which lie in that set completely, completely is important,
right.
Because if, if I talk about one common three, I can also say that one comma two blind sided because
one lies inside it.
But this should not be included.
It included in my subset because it does not lie completely inside it.
Right.
So I hope you have heard about the term proper, proper subsets and.
Yeah.
So we're just talking about those that subsets areas like completely inside the above subset.
So in the as in the previous section of DB with M&S, we always seen that we represent.
So we represent these using integers or in short must.
Right.
So let's represent these as mass.
Let's try to understand that.
So is deep with.
By relating it to mask.
Okay.
So.
Let's say I've.
I have a number 747 seven has this must be said so I can retain and interpret it.
I'm just thinking.
But with indexing, you know this seven.
This seven has how many how many substrates which lie completely inside it.
So we can say that seven has all the numbers from 0 to 7 which lie completely inside straight by because
zero belie inside seven one also lies inside it because we can see one in seven or seven can be opposite
of one.
Right.
And there's an external also that you can easily related with the maths.
It is simple.
If I have E which belongs to S, that means E which lies inside as E which belongs to the set of absurd
office.
Then what I would say is that e.
And.
As should be called a.
Correct.
Because if it is a subset of is and I'm right I'm talking about bit.
So if I take their and values eight.
If I take the average of the subset and these 4%, then that should be equal to exactly as the subset,
because all those bits should lie inside, as says.
For example, one in seven will be.
But similarly, 27 will also be two, then three, and there will also be three, right?
So it's seven will be a busy example.
So let's move to some other example.
It related this is important.
Let's talk about this, which is I covered all other lines.
I report all of the big lines.
First of all, let's talk about how many different words blindsided.
We all know we have two options for this route, whether it will come, what it will not complete.
Similarly, this bid will come or this will will not come.
Right?
So let's try to make that three letter.
The first bit comes.
And of course, it doesn't come.
So it is 100 and 101.
Now, let's talk about this.
Edit The first bit comes or it doesn't come.
So it is 100.
Okay.
So if it comes to this 1000008.
Similarly we have 4101 whether.
The second, because we have already wondered about the first bit.
Now let's go to the second word.
So whether the second word will come, which is 101, and if it doesn't come, it is 0018.
So this is the second and.
Here.
You can see we have got all four different subsets which can lie inside the.
I think they'd be just fine.
So what?
All other masks are completely inside s so we can see this is for all license 850.
Of course.
The lines eight five and one eight.
So we have to go when I want to calculate some of five eight.
So what I'm saying why I'm digging five here, because five is not nothing but this mosque.
Eight, it is 101.
Then I actually have to take the value of.
This 100 plus value of.
000 plus value of.
101 less value of 001.
I hope you got this right, because all these mask lines are these particular lines are this.
That's correct.
Now, let's convert this mosque into integers and let's see what we get.
We have some of five is nothing but a value of four.
Plus value of zero plus value of five.
Well, you've.
One so that we can see that the value of two.
So this was five.
That means ten zero and said this said contains zero in two only.
So it has only two terms.
But we can easily see that two does not lie inside five.
Three does not lie inside five, but it does not like completely inside five and one lies or lies five
of course lies six does not lie inside five.
Seven will of course not lie.
So all the above sounds never lines.
Eight, five, eight.
But this was SARS.
Nothing else.
So we want these some worse upsets.
And for those upsets, we want this one.
So for those subsets we want do some so that they like completely inside this eight eight inch or they
should be true and as is equal to a correct and yeah so in the next year there will be a will be the
DP solution of this, how to code this and then we'll solve some very, very interesting problems like
this section.
SDP will have the most interesting problems we'll ever see.
Eight.
We'll see you in the next part.
Thank you.